Adding Endpoint command and outputs to Endpoint integrations (#12023)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_2_15.md

#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Added the command ***Endpoint***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***Endpoint*** command.
```

> - Added *Endpoint* context output to ***cs-falcon-search-devices*** coommand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added *Endpoint* context output to the ***cs-falcon-search-devices*** command.
```
